### Chapter Two - The First Supper
The door buzzed. Emma tasted her ladle, set it down, and quickly shuffled over to the door.

“Jasper!”

“Ems! You sound surprised? Haha, didn't think I'd come?” the guest at the door said with a smile that was giving Labrador retriever.

“Nah, just didn't expect YOU to be first.”

“Well, if I'm being honest, I still haven't reset my clocks for daylight savings and I got my times mixed up…” Jasper trailed off because Emma had returned to the kitchen.

“Daylight savings time is next month you bozo. Also, you were literally looking at your phone when I opened the door. You could just say you made an effort to be here on time,” Emma said, facing the stove.

Jasper was digging around in a drawer. 

“Two drawers to the left. Like literally always,” Emma said without looking.

Jasper pulled out a corkscrew and finally responded, “I wouldn't want to lie to you.”

She looked at him, they both smiled, and she rolled her eyes. 

The door buzzed. Jasper called “Can you get that?”” to Emma in a sarcastic, mocking voice as he walked to the door while screwing the corkscrew into the wine bottle. He pulled the door wide open, followed immediately with a pulling of the cork and a pop of air as it rushed into the bottle. 

“WELL LOOK WHO IT IS,”Jasper said with his trademark smirk.

“Olivia?” Emma called from the kitchen. 

“And Oliver and Noah,” Olivia called back. 

“Welcome, welcome, I've just opened a very exclusive vintage that needs a bit of time to open up. Can I get you anything else to drink while we wait?” Jasper continued to the new guests.

“Liv, I've got some deviled eggs in the fridge. Can you take them out and sprinkle some paprika on them?” Emma continued.

“On it!” Olivia said, brushing past Jasper to help Emma in the kitchen.

“Rude, but okay. How bout you, gents?” Jasper said to Oliver and Noah.

“How about a glass of that $15 bottle of wine you bought because it had a fancy looking label?” Noah said dryly.

“Ah! You know me all too well!” Jasper went into the now crowded kitchen in search of wine glasses. Emma, having lived this series of events enough times to know he was coming, proactively shouted the location of the wine glasses that Jasper had retrieved so many times before.

Jasper meted out the wine as every as he could between five glasses and handed them out. Olivia, doing a quick count around the room asked “What about Elijah?”

Before Jasper could say something sarcastic, Oliver jumped in. “He had a report to file before the end of the day, so he said he'd head over as soon as that was done.”

“And you're just telling me now? Also, it's Sunday!” Olivia retorted.

“Yeah, guy never stops working. He needs to find work life balance, he’s too caught up in that hustle culture, it's gonna catch up with him,” Noah chimes in. Every part of his sentence sounded almost as if it was going to end before he added on another phrase.

Not wanting to hear Jasper and Noah argue about hustle culture or whatever, Olivia changed the subject again. “A toast!” she explained, holding her half drank glass of wine up and staring aggressively at Oliver to follow suit. He raised his glass and looked at Jasper and Noah, nodding that they should also follow suit. The men looked at Olivia, standing in the kitchen next to Emma, who was still facing the stove.

“To Ems!” Olivia said, pushing her glass higher. 

The men responded in unison with a mix of names for their host, making it difficult to discern. “To Emma”, “To Ems”, “To Mama E”!

Emma turned around smiling. “Thanks guys, but seriously, I don't need any of that. Just relax and enjoy some deviled eggs with your very exclusive vintage.” She winked at Jasper, who winked back.

The guests gathered in the living room, with seating amalgamated from the various moveable and suitable surfaces for sitting around Emma’s apartment. A loveseat a former neighbor had left her, some milk crate that usually held her records with a pair of folded sweatpants on the top, and two metal foldable chairs she'd found on the street. Emma assumed Elijah would make it, and if he did, she'd just stand or maybe sit on the floor, but if he didn't, no need to come up with another makeshift chair she thought.

Emma continued on dinner, occasionally bringing a tasting spoon into the living room to let her friends try — nothing but compliments. The guests caught up as if they hadn't all seen each other at least once in the past two weeks, sharing stories of work, bad dates, the news, though whenever they circled back to the news, they inevitably agreed to change the topic.

They'd long since finished Jasper's wine that he picked up on the way over to Emma's and Noah was eager for everyone to sample his next. It was from a sustainable vineyard in the Finger Lakes that grew organic, sulfur free wines. Eventually Jasper interrupted to let Noah know that they didn't care.

Oliver added in the background that most new wine growing regions are the result of tax policy, not changing weather patterns, but he was sure nobody heard him. Well, at least one person did. Olivia looked over and mouthed “thank you, babe” while Jasper and Noah were fake fighting.

Olivia, tired of Jasper and Noah’s typical banter, interrupted with a loud call to the chef, “Everything alright in there?”

“Yeah, first dish should be out in 10,” Emma chirped back.

“No, I just mean, you aren't really you today. Everything okay? I know life's been a bit, ummm, messy lately,” Olivia said. The men quieted down, having wanted to ask a similar question, but not feeling confident enough to.

Their entire time in New York, Emma had worked in kitchens. Inconvenient hours, difficult shifts, they knew it weighed on her, but were all pretty shocked when she told them she quit two weeks ago. I mean, after all, it's New York City, you don't exactly just not have a job.

“Don't worry about it,” Emma responded, turning back to the stove. “The kitchen just needs lookin’ at.” Her bluntness was a clear sign to her closest friends that she wasn't fine at all.

“Yeah?” Olivia responded, trying to leave space for Emma to continue.

“Honestly!”

“Honestly, it sounds like you're, I don't know, kind of stressed,” Jasper interjected. “You know I've got you if you need. Just, like, let me know.”

Emma lowered the burner and turned around. “It's just that,” she paused and refilled her wine, smelling it, taking a sip, and then putting it down with a wrinkled nose. “It's just that I had something else planned for you tonight. Not planned, but an idea.” She picked up the wine and had another sip. “Honestly, Noah, you need to start Googling shit before you buy it.”

“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” he started, but Olivia interrupted.

“What's up, Ems?”

“Honestly, you're going to think I'm crazy.”

“Duh.” Jasper quickly interjected, sensing tension and wanting to diffuse it, unhelpfully. Olivia and Emma looked at him and both rolled their eyes in unison.

“I didn't want to make you something basic, so I got fixated on this guy's hot sauce. It's not that different from any other hot sauce, I mean, it's really good, but he tells such a great story about it and I love to retell the story when I use it. I feel like the story gives soul to what I'm making, and I wanted to do something, I don't know, a little out there for you tonight, but still ground it in that story.”

“That's really cool, Ems,” Oliver chimed in.

“Yeah, thanks. Anyway, I went to the farmer's market where I always see this guy. I don't go every week, but he has a presence that feels like he's there every week. He wasn't there,” she paused, feeling if that would be bigger news, but her friends were just staring back blankly. She went to sip her glass of wine again, but had a visceral reaction and threw it in the sink. “Can I choose the next wine?”

“YES!” Everyone but Noah responded in unison. 
